{
  "Easy": "Once upon a time, there was a cute but slightly bossy little piglet named Peppa. And when Mummy Pig, Daddy Pig, Peppa and baby George moved to a little house on a hill, they found out just how much Peppa loved rainy days – and jumping up and down in muddy puddles! Discover the full story of every toddler’s favourite little piggy in this colourful picture book. You can find out all about Peppa’s family – and even see a picture of baby George! Brimming with charm and humour, plus lots of fun-packed extras, this is the perfect present for all of Peppa’s little fans. \nIn terms of content, books can readily match the creation of easy-to-understand characters and the setting up of scenes of reassuring familiar experiences. The basic structure of Peppa Pig revolves around the simple family set up of Peppa, her younger brother George and her kindly Mummy and Daddy. Within the home, Peppa experiences all kinds of useful things; beyond the home, she plays with her friends from other families. It is a pattern that lies at the heart of many, if not most, pre-school books even as far back as AA Milne’s classic Winnie-the-Pooh and its sequel The House at Pooh Corner although the family circumstances of the young animals and what they learn is rather different.",

  "Medium": "Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling. The novels chronicle the lives of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The main story arc concerns Harry's conflict with Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and Muggles. \nThe series was originally published in English by Bloomsbury in the United Kingdom and Scholastic Press in the United States. A series of many genres, including fantasy, drama, coming-of-age fiction, and the British school story (which includes elements of mystery, thriller, adventure, horror, and romance), the world of Harry Potter explores numerous themes and includes many cultural meanings and references. Major themes in the series include prejudice, corruption, madness, and death. \nThe original seven books were adapted into an eight-part namesake film series by Warner Bros. Pictures. In 2016, the total value of the Harry Potter franchise was estimated at $25 billion, making Harry Potter one of the highest-grossing media franchises of all time. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is a play based on a story co-written by Rowling.",

  "Hard": "No matter your goals, Atomic Habits offers a proven framework for improving–every day. James Clear, one of the world’s leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results. \nIf you’re having trouble changing your habits, the problem isn’t you. The problem is your system. Bad habits repeat themselves again and again not because you don’t want to change, but because you have the wrong system for change. You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems. Here, you’ll get a proven system that can take you to new heights. \nClear is known for his ability to distill complex topics into simple behaviors that can be easily applied to daily life and work. Here, he draws on the most proven ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to create an easy-to-understand guide for making good habits inevitable and bad habits impossible. Along the way, readers will be inspired and entertained with true stories from Olympic gold medalists, award-winning artists, business leaders, life-saving physicians, and star comedians who have used the science of small habits to master their craft and vault to the top of their field. \nAtomic Habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success, and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits–whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, or achieve any other goal."
}